Back to our library studio in this episode
of the Iowa Vlog.
I'm your host, Craig Quinn.
I promised that we'd pick up this episode
where we left the last one.
And this is the story of liberty.
And liberty is not for all.
God is offering it to those who listen
to him,
who closely examine and carefully consider
what he has to say in his Torah
and prophets,
who are willing to act upon what he
instructs.
And the benefit for those who do is
to inherit all that he has to give.
And you need to know that this is
not for everyone.
There's a huge difference between Yahweh
and his covenant and religion.
Religion is there to convert everyone.
You're gonna be an evangelical in
Christianity and in Islam,
it's all about conquest and conversion.
But not with Yahweh.
He is not in it for the many,
but for the few.
In fact,
in the second statement that Yahweh etched
in stone,
he stated unequivocally that his mercy is
going to be afforded to thousands.
And that's amongst the eight billion that
are on this planet today would be one
in a million.
So
If you are not among those extraordinary
souls who listen to what Yahweh has to
say,
unless you're one of those who knows and
loves his name,
unless you're one of those who enjoys the
fact that you have learned that religions
are all counterproductive,
and that they lead in the wrong direction,
that God's first request is to
disassociate from them,
and that the worst of them is the
one that robbed his beloved son of his
title, Messiah and Son of God,
as well as Savior, Christianity,
because Dowd is the one whom all of
these accolades were given.
And so here we go in the Torah
when Yahweh is making it quite clear
that the promised land is not going to
be afforded to anyone who is religious.
And it's only those who are disassociated
from the religious who will have this
opportunity.
The text reads, when Yahweh, your God,
uproots and removes, cutting off,
casting away and banishing the people of
different ethnicities,
religions, governments,
and cultures apart from Israel,
whom to receive the benefits of the
relationship you will pursue there to
remove and dispossess them from your
presence, displacing them.
You see?
I can only tell you the way it
is.
And the way it is is that God
is not the least bit interested in a
crowd.
He is not going to reboot the planet,
taking the earth back to the conditions
that existed in Eden,
and tolerate anyone who is out of sync
with his instructions.
There will be absolutely no religious
individual of any kind, of any ilk,
stain or stigma,
that is going to survive Yahweh's return.
None.
And since the land is a metaphor for
the thousand year celebration of Eden on
earth,
not one will inherit what Yahweh is
offering.
Who believes that God's name is Hashem or
that he is a Lord or that he
somehow became a man and is Jesus or
that he is Allah.
or that he doesn't care what you call
him.
You are either among those who know that
Yahweh is God's one and only name,
and that he removes and cuts off and
casts away,
banishing everyone who is opposed to
Israel,
everyone who is counter to his people,
because it is his family, the covenant,
and his people, Yisrael,
that he is going to restore on the
land.
This continues,
and then you settle within your land and
remain,
which by the way has not yet occurred,
has it?
I mean, they have settled there,
but very few of them are going to
remain.
That is only going to change following the
fulfillment of Chag Sukkah in year six
thousand YAH, twenty-thirty-three.
He says, be diligent and observant,
choosing to closely examine and be
contemplative so that you are not lured
into their dominion,
so that you're not influenced or
controlled by them, trapped or ensnared.
That's the big concern.
It doesn't matter if it's a popular
religion like Christianity,
or a exceedingly ruthless religion like
Islam.
It doesn't matter if it is a religion
that blurs the lines between religion and
ethnicity, as is the case with Judaism.
It doesn't matter if your call is to
be part of a political community like
Likud or MAGA.
Or Marxists.
God says don't be lured into their
clutches because the purpose of all
religions,
the purpose of political schemes has
always been the same.
And that is what he has stated here.
Those who are trapped by them,
who are lured in and ensnared by them,
who are enticed and entangled by them,
are controlled by them.
Religions are all control mechanisms.
Judaism, Christianity, Islam,
even the religions of man, communism,
Marxism, and today, Magaism.
God says, don't do that.
Don't allow yourself to be controlled by
them.
It's the first condition of the covenant.
You either walk away and disassociate from
religion and politics,
or you cannot approach God.
Don't follow after them in the end as
part of the remnant who remain.
We're reminded again that even though the
Torah was prescribed for the children of
Israel during the Exodus,
they didn't pay any attention.
They told God to shut up and go
away.
They were antagonistic towards him.
They were so rough on Moshe that he
wanted God to kill him rather than
continue.
And so this message is for you who
are listening to me now,
because this is your last chance.
It is exceedingly important that you do
not follow after the religious,
particularly the influencers.
The political, the religious,
the conspiratorial, the anti-Semitic,
Don't go there.
Stay above the fray.
Don't follow them,
particularly in the end,
because this is essential for the remnant
who remain.
Because once they have been destroyed,
overthrown and exterminated,
eliminated from your presence,
that is all that have come to harm
Israel.
all of the Muslims, all of the Marxists,
all of the Christians,
all of the anti-Semites and
conspiratorialists,
all of the Magas who will flock even
to Trump at the last days,
they will all be destroyed.
They will all be over stormed.
They're all gonna be incinerated on
Teruah,
totally and completely wiped out and
exterminated.
This is God's promise.
because we're returning to the conditions
experienced in Eden.
He's going to transform the earth without
religion, without politics,
without conspiracy.
And if you want to be present,
you will eliminate these curses from
yourself.
And they will be exterminated from your
presence unless you inquire about and seek
after their gods.
God,
the reason that he is eliminating these
things is he wants, again,
to return us to the conditions experienced
in Eden.
And if you noticed, in Eden,
there was no religion and no politics.
None.
And without these things,
then you were not in any way enticed,
Adam and Chawah were not enticed to worship
gods, to pray, to worship.
to try to steal what belonged to someone
else.
It wasn't until the very end that ha-Satan
misquoted God and Chawah ran with the
errant citation and went much further,
claiming that she could be a goddess if
only she had a bite of that fruit.
when she did and then she gave it
to Adam and Adam,
rather than listening to God,
listened to the woman.
Well, then it all changed, didn't it?
But prior to that, no religion,
no politics, no distortion.
So no one was enticed to chase after
false gods.
And so God's going to eliminate all traces
of religion for this restart,
this fresh opportunity,
this return to the garden.
And you will not at that point be
enticed by their gods.
No one will be asking how and in
what ways did these Gentiles labor on
behalf and serve these gods of theirs so
that I too can do the same.
There will be no such thing.
And really,
if you look at the history of Judaism,
that is what they have done.
It doesn't matter the period,
but particularly with the time of the
Maccabees,
so much of Judaism came to reflect the
Greek forms of philosophy and Gnosticism
and and sun god worship and the like
and those things have all made their
selves into Judaism including a little
round beanie disc that they wear uh they
yarmulke they uh keep them the same thing
that is worn by roman catholic priests
because they both are derived from
Sun God worship.
There's so many of these things that have
made their way into Judaism.
Really, the Babylonian Talmud,
the guiding force of Judaism, was written,
of course, in Babylon,
which is where the religion of
Christianity was born.
It's where the beast emerged.
And so God said, no,
we're not going to start over again the
way we once were.
It got really bad in a hurry.
So should it not already be obvious,
this is a presentation of future history.
God is not addressing something which has
previously occurred,
but instead something he will accomplish.
And on Yom Teruah,
the day of the herald, of course.
And this is true now of almost everything
we have read thus far in the Torah
over the last six months.
Every time we turn to it, it's prophetic.
Well,
the inhabitants of Israel have not been
uprooted by many names and nationalities.
They remain.
So you still see Muslims,
Christians and Marxists,
Arabs and Africans,
Europeans and Asians permeate the
population of the promised land.
So they have not been uprooted, have they?
But a day looms.
just eight years from now,
when the time of Yaakov's troubles will
end and every undesirable influence will
be removed and cast away,
banished forevermore.
All of this happening on the day of
the Herald on Teruah.
The final remnant is comprised of Yahuwdym
and Yisraelites with goyim serving only to
make life in the garden more enjoyable for
God's people.
It is then when all who remain will
receive the benefits of the relationship
and become heirs at long last.
Those who have sought Israel's demise will
be removed.
They'll be dispossessed from the presence
of those returning to the garden to
celebrate the thousand-year observation of
Sukkah.
It is only then, beginning on Teruah,
the twenty-third and twenty-fourth of
September, twenty-thirty-three,
in year six thousand YAH, that Yahuwdym
,
the beloved of YAH, will yashab
settle within their land and remain.
And this is why we are asked to
be observant and contemplative,
even unto the end, especially at the end.
The snares will be placed all around to
entrap
and as utterly stupid as the underlying
claims of Judaism, Christianity,
and Islam, even Marxism and conspiracy,
the overwhelming preponderance of people
are lured away from God,
no matter how dumb the call.
Through false prophets, political pundits,
and covetous influencers,
they are played for fools,
and they're controlled.
Today,
Rich pointed out that one of the Mother
Goddess cult participants was so proud
that she had a chat box do a
translation for her of the hundred and
fifty fourth psalm.
And so that you don't bother to look
it up,
the hundred and fifty fourth psalm does
not exist in the Masoretic text.
It is found in the Great Psalm Scroll.
Now,
that doesn't mean that it was something
that should have been there because
there's tons of material,
like the Book of Enoch, for example,
the Book of Ezekiel would be another
example.
There are lots of things that were scribed
by the Essenes that they ought not have
preserved.
It's not only not in the Masoretic text,
it is not even in the Septuagint.
It is found in an ancient,
reasonably ancient, some fifth,
sixth century Syriac copy,
which would not have been in Hebrew.
And having the chat box do the translation
for her, she doubled down on stupid.
And you're just going, no.
I mean,
there's just no way that they could have
made the same mistake.
I mean,
there's no way they can keep this cult
together by simply repeating the same
error.
But Rich, they did, didn't they?
Exactly the same.
They think Chakma's a woman.
You know,
when they wrote to me that they were
going to pursue the message of Spirit Mom
and that they found Spirit Mom in the
Eighth Mishal, which is a proverb.
And they asked me to translate it so
that I could validate that they were
right,
that there was Spirit Mom speaking to
them.
And I went to the Eighth Mishal and
read it in Hebrew.
And the two things I did not find
where ruach, which is spirit, and em,
which is mom.
So there was no spirit mom to be
found in it.
They just got tripped up on Hebrew
grammar.
On Hebrew grammar,
if you are addressing a feminine noun,
that does not make the thing a girl
or a woman or a mother.
It's just a feminine noun.
Nephesh, for example, is a feminine noun,
although that nephesh can be found in men
and women.
It doesn't make a man a girl.
Got it?
In their world, it does.
Well, I guess in their world, it does.
So you read through it,
and it's everything pursuant to God is he,
he and his, over and over again.
He did this, he did that.
He wants this, he wants that.
It's standard, fair.
Every time everything speaks of God,
it's always he.
But they were so desperate for a she
that they fell into exactly the same trap.
Just as the eighth Mishal, Proverbs,
She, as a pronoun,
is pertaining to chokmah
.
chokmah
with the A-H ending is a feminine
noun.
chokmah
means intelligence, wisdom,
the ability to think astutely.
And so,
and Dowd speaking in the eighth proverb
about the value of wisdom refers to chokmah
as she, because it's a feminine noun.
That's just part of the grammar.
It doesn't make the idea of intelligence
feminine.
It doesn't make the man who was the
most chokmah
a woman.
Just a aspect of
of grammar that helps you understand what
is being referenced so that when you say
she versus he,
you would know that the she is pertaining
to the last noun that was feminine and
he would have pertained to the last noun
that is masculine.
It's just a tool to communicate more
effectively.
But nope,
they think that chokmah
must be mommy god.
And guess what?
In the hundred and fifty-fourth Psalm,
the references to she began after the
introduction of, guess what?
Drum roll, please.
They doubled down on the same mistake.
And they're all saying, well,
I want you all to be blessed by
my translation that came by way of a
chat box.
Okay.
Let's just see how easy it is for
people to be fooled and controlled.
And then they all feed off one another.
It's like being a part of a conspiracy,
which is, by the way,
where all these people came from.
And they just...
Stare on the dot in the wall.
Said, well,
I found a psalm that speaks of mom
because it says that she's great.
She has gates.
She has a voice.
Oh boy, she has a voice.
The voice is the voice of what you're
lacking.
Intelligence.
Once enticed into the darkness of
deceitful propositions, few break free.
They just dig in and dig and pour
more dirt over their heads.
They're pulled deeper and deeper into the
pit of delusion,
even into pretending to speak for a mother
God.
I found it.
May you be blessed.
Nothing will dissuade them.
Even when shown that there's no mention of
of a goddess associated with God that he
never addresses himself using anything but
the masculine singular,
that he never says, I'm a mother.
Oh, guess how many times that spirit,
Ruach,
appears in the hundred and fifty-fourth
Proverb.
Or psalm, I should say.
Psalm.
How many times would you say it?
That is a zero.
I guess it's correct.
So there is no reference to spirit.
I guess you can't have a spirit mom.
How many times does M,
the Hebrew word for mom,
appear in the one hundred and fifty-fourth
psalm?
None.
They are so damn desperate to have a
goddess.
They want a goddess.
They could care less about Yahweh.
It is true.
They're going to make God transgender if
it kills them.
You know what the suicide rate is, though,
with transgender?
It's up there above fifty percent.
If you're not careful, you know,
your your mother goddess is gone.
You continue to pursue transgender here.
Yes, every reference to Iowa is masculine,
singular.
As it has been throughout prophecy,
and it is here in this statement.
So even now at this late date,
Yahweh is leaving the naysayers without
excuse.
There is no quarter for the Asherah,
the mother goddess.
That's how we began this Torah reading.
This is the introduction to the statements
that you can eat whatever you want because
meat has no influence on your soul,
only on your body.
Began with denounce the Asherah,
the mother goddesses.
Have nothing to do with them.
Condemn them.
Disassociate from them.
Attack them.
Okay.
So apart from learning how to respond to
God, Yada Yahowah stands.
It is the place our father has chosen
to
Reintroduce his name to display his
covenant on behalf of the final remnant of
Yisrael.
If being with God is of interest to
you, pay the mother goddesses no heed.
Although you may be blessed by the hundred
and fifty-fourth psalm because it speaks
of mommy God.
Good grief.
On Yom Teruah, as the Bashar
of the Bakar is sacrificed to prepare
Israel for Yahowah's return all who have
pursued a different agenda will be shamed
overthrown and destroyed eliminated and
exterminated completely and utterly
annihilated
from the presence of those who will be
part of this remnant.
A time will come when there will be
darash.
A time when no one inquires about or
pursues false gods or goddesses.
And only then will life in the land
and in the garden be joyous,
because frankly,
the embittered and rebellious are
annoying.
And you think, I'm annoyed.
Wait till you get a load of the
thirty-fifth Psalm.
Oh my goodness.
Dowd is exceedingly disgusted.
And oh, by the way,
there is an M in it.
Yep, and there's a Ruach in it too.
Two things you're looking for.
I found a Psalm that has actually M
and Ruach in it.
Unfortunately,
I don't understand what they're talking
about here with this M.
The Ruach is dispatching those who have
been opposed to Dowd and me to Sheol.
So maybe it wasn't the Ruach they were
looking for.
Put that in your pipe and translate it,
and... And if I may.
Once again,
Yahowah has equated the ways of the
Gentiles...
being that that his people should not
emulate.
And he's saying that the ways of the
Gentiles is religious,
that Goyim have been religious for as long
as civilization has existed.
He tells his people,
do not follow their example.
You may wanna look in those tombs in
Egypt and notice that the mummies are
still there.
They did all of that work,
spent all of that money,
all of that effort, all of that time,
all of the...
readings from the book of the dead and
there they are still better than dead you
know fake gods seem to feast upon people
worshiping them and the only real god
wants nothing of the kind do not venerate
god he wants to be respected he wants
us to listen to him to engage with
him
So it says you should not act or
engage in this way when approaching
Yahowah.
Don't be religious.
Because indeed, by contrast,
every detestable and repulsive
abomination.
Ooh, this is the nasty word in Hebrew.
It's not four letters,
but it's really bad.
Kol towbah.
every loathsome and abhorrent,
idolatrous and disgusting custom that
Yahowah hates, abhors and detests,
they have done for their gods,
including even sacrificing and burning
their sons and daughters in the fires to
their gods.
The budding words should never have been
called Deuteronomy, twelve, thirty-one.
God's advice is to
not do any of the things which were
discussed in this chapter of the Torah.
And therefore, including, number one,
what was the first thing God says?
Don't do, promoting Asherah,
mother goddesses.
Similarly,
we're not to overlook their crime either,
because Yahowah told us to obliterate them.
He's going to exterminate those who
remain, but of course,
Neither can we overlook the imposition of
dietary restrictions by those trying to
discredit Yadda Yahowah because of their
preference for them.
Likewise,
since much of this chapter has been
devoted to the sacrifice of the Bakar as
the Bashar,
negating his purpose in God's plan would
be considered towbah, reprehensible.
an abomination by Yahowah.
And speaking of towbah,
Yahowah has defined the religious ways of
the goyim as the thing he wants most
for his people to avoid.
Making the rabbinical religions of
Judaism, Christianity,
and Islam detestable, repulsive,
abhorrent, and disgusting.
God intensely dislikes, he shuns,
and just plain old hates.
everything associated with religion.
And while there are many repugnant
modifications of this plague,
none are worse than sacrificing one's
children to appease the non-existent.
The physical limitations of our bodies are
to be transformed by the fire so that
our souls grow with God and marvelous
Insights are tarnished with the threat of
sacrificing children to religious
infernos.
And if I may,
there was a woman that I thought I
had a wonderful relationship with,
that I respected her devotion to the
craft,
who served in so many remarkable ways.
And she was such a marvelous example with
her children and her
Lending credibility to the cult,
to supporting it.
What has she done to her own children's
and her grandchildren's souls?
God is trying to warn you.
This is exceedingly counterproductive and
deadly.
It's not a game.
You need to be smarter than this.
The physical limitations of our bodies are
to be transformed by the fire so that
our souls grow with God.
And marvelous as that insight is,
it is tarnished when we don't understand
the purpose of that fire.
So should you take comfort in believing
that you are immune from criticism
because neither you nor your belligerent
colleagues are currently burning your
children such that you don't think that
this applies to you i have some sobering
news religious parents conspiratorial
parents anti-semitic parents overtly
political parents are mortally infecting
their sons and daughters and their
grandchildren with the most debilitating
plague
ever curated by man or woman.
Religion and conspiracy are a hundred
percent fatal.
There is not a single Haredim, Christian,
Muslim, Hindu, conspirator,
mother goddess worshiper at all in heaven.
And there never will be.
For that matter,
There are no conspiratorialists or
communists or Marxists or progressives or
MAGAs either.
So in closing, through Moshe Yahowah said,
every word that to reveal the path to
the benefits of the relationship,
I have provided as instruction to you.
You should closely examine and carefully
consider such that you engage by doing.
Do not add anything.
Do not join with anything to do it.
And do not hinder him subtracting from
him.
We must ask,
Are we being advised not to add or
subtract from the Dabar word since it is
masculine singular,
particularly in light of the recognition
that there have been many of them?
Or does this still pertain to the
sacrifice of the Bashar, Harold,
who is a singular man with Bashar being
masculine?
And since Yahowah has been
About Yada Yahowah, it is to,
and how it is to be considered sacrosanct.
To the extent the embittered and
rebellious are being told not to add their
voices above it or to detract from it
with their disproven theories of mother
goddesses,
no matter how many times they repeat the
same mistake,
no matter which
They are all related.
These things are interwoven throughout the
story.
You can choose.
Don't add to the words.
Don't subtract to the words.
Or actually word singular.
Or don't speak over or diminish what the
Bashar is doing.
Clearly.
As a result of this review,
it is safe to say that Judaism's approach
to kosher is not only a gigantic waste
of time and money,
it's in direct opposition to God.
If you are kosher,
then you are antagonizing the Almighty.
The religious approach to being kosher is
the antithesis of the liberating
statements we have heard from God.
With sparse justifications from the Torah,
apart from some health concerns,
and in complete conflict with Dabarym
Twelve,
rabbis control and fleece their own with
their long litany of laws called misvat.
These include a prohibition on mixing meat
and dairy,
as well as anything derived from eggs with
either meat or dairy, even butter.
The wait time between them varies from one
to six hours depending upon where the
kosher family was raised and well,
how you rinse your mouth.
Making life even more complicated,
those committed to being kosher have to
have separate sinks,
different countertops,
even different dishwashers because the
plates that have held dairy and meat
cannot touch one another, God forbid.
And should they fraternize,
the only remedy is to bury the offending
plates in the dirt for eight years,
which of course is the perfect way to
sanitize them.
As one might expect,
to comply with the rules of Kashrut,
separate utensils, cooking, mixing,
and storing vessels for meat and dairy
must be used and then cleansed and stored
without touching.
much like men and women at a synagogue.
Rabbis are expensive, of course,
so the price paid for their kosher
blessing to make one's life complicated
makes eating much more expensive,
especially for meats, milks, and wines.
For example, to be kosher,
a rabbi needs to be present from the
time of the milking to bottling to appease
their Hashem.
Worry not, religious ones.
Should all of this seem like babble?
Because for a fee,
you can call your hashgraph supervision of
the Hesher Kosher certification agent.
Mm-hmm.
With one thousand five hundred kosher
certifying agencies worldwide eager to
exchange your money for their rubbish,
you can be the proud owner of a
kitchen perfectly prepared to feed and
water your rabbi.
and so that you don't slip up and
act like a reasonable person.
You can also hire a , a watcher,
just to assure that your plates and
utensils remain properly segregated,
removing the fear that such objects might
contaminate your soul to a greater extent
than already being done through Judaism.
And should you fail to consume
The forbidden fruit of the rabbis,
there is always hope because the
certifying bodies have proclaimed bleach
to be kosher, even for Pesach.
While there's no mention of dairy or eggs,
Carl Leviticus and Deuteronomy present
itemized lists of clean and unclean foods.
And especially now in recognition of
Deuteronomy ,
reason dictates that this advice is
considered as it was intended for health
purposes.
There are certain foods that are good for
your body,
certain foods that are not healthy for
but nothing that you eat has any effect
on your soul.
And your soul is all that matters.
Simple.
Easy to understand.
And yet heretofore,
no one has ever made this distinction.
Pigs are, well,
wallowing in the mud while eating garbage.
They are known to foster over two hundred
diseases and carry twenty parasites and
worms.
They're also fatty and
We are told to avoid animal fat, Kara,
Leviticus three, seven.
And even though we did not know why
this was important until around fifty
years ago with advances in cardiovascular
science,
we now know why God provided this
instruction relative to your physical
body,
which by the way is going to die.
And for those who are part of the
covenant good riddance,
Now, pigs,
whose digestive system caused them to be
viral incubators,
are a common source of salmonella,
as well as a variety of other parasites,
bacteria, viruses, and toxins.
Oh, my.
Especially as a result of being gluttonous
eaters eagerly consuming their own feces,
which is lovely,
as well as maggots feasting therein.
even in the United States today.
Three of the six most common foodborne
parasite diseases affecting humans are
directly associated with pork
consumptions, including toxoplasmosis,
taenites, and trichinosis.
When Moshe shared this advice,
we were unaware that shellfish, lobsters,
and shrimp were scavengers.
serving as the ocean's filtering systems.
Since they remove dead and decaying
matter, they are prone to disease.
Shrimp, crabs, oysters, clams, mussels,
and lobsters remain risky even today and
send countless individuals to hospitals
every year,
some with instant paralysis and others
dying.
Again, they can be harmful to your body.
They do nothing to your soul.
If a person whose soul has been saved
by Yahowah through the covenant loses their
body to a fight, say to cancer,
it is for them a great blessing.
A body is useless,
counterproductive in the hereafter.
Nevertheless,
we are learning something that God was
very smart telling his people that there's
things that you ought to be careful of
because for them,
their souls were not going to live on.
So all they really had was their bodies
because they weren't listening to God.
So there was no opportunity for their
souls.
And as we continue this analysis,
of course,
it's the same that can be said about
catfish and vultures,
which is why they are listed as unclean.
Horses,
because they are not ruminants and only
have one stomach,
are on the unclean side of the ledger
because of an inefficient digestive
system.
Rabbits,
because they are not ruminants either,
cause to malaria in humans.
Bats are listed as unclean.
Come to find out that they are responsible
for spreading countless viruses,
including Ebola, HIV, swine flu,
and now COVID-Nineteen.
Similarly, rats and mice,
also on the unclean ledger,
gave the world the Black Death and the
bubonic plague.
God knew what he was talking about,
didn't he?
I suspect he's pretty smart.
Considering the fact that there isn't a
single error in the Torah's list of clean
and unclean meats,
either Moshe got lucky and accurately
anticipated the findings of modern science
or God who designed us and inspired him
knew what he was talking about.
Or I suppose that you can take the
rabbinical approach and conclude that G-D
was just trying to make life miserable for
Jews so that they would grow to hate
him.
And it was dependent on those same Jews
of straightening him out and giving a more
comprehensive list of do's and don'ts.
But alas,
I can see the Orthodox shirkeling as they
chant from the Talmud,
turning out this sensible diatribe.
because it might affect their faith.
Oh, silly me.
They're not online reading any of these
books because, well,
that's prohibited of them too.
And there is the story of our liberty.
I look forward to being with you as
we pursue this series that while we have
completed our review of this portion of
the Torah and the body of twelve,
we have some treats in store for you.
Can't wait to share.
what I have learned in the thirty-third,
the thirty-fourth,
and particularly the thirty-fifth Mizmowr
or song,
the psalm that was written by King Dowd.
Oh my goodness,
by the time he gets to the thirty-fifth,
you know exactly where he stands regarding
all of this.
And then,
We're going to take one of the most
delightful journeys ever encountered by
anyone at any time and travel through time
and place to Dowd's life as he sought
to bring the Ark of the Covenant into
Jerusalem and the stories we learn along
the way.
It is a marvelous journey,
and we are still embarking on some of
the favorite stories that Yahowah would
have to share with us.
Thank you for listening.